Cranetop

Title                    : Cranetop
Filename                 : cranetop.zip
Author                   : Ralph Geissler
Email Address            : geissler@gmx.net
Description              : Big Hunted map for TeamFortress Classic

Number of Teams          : 3
Recommended # of Players : 16-32

New Sounds/Textures      : none
Editor used              : Worldcraft 2.1, UltraEdit 6.00

Installation             : Just unzip into the half-life\tfc\maps directory

Gameplay                 : This is a  Hunted map designed for a large number of
                           players.  The  original  Hunted  map  was  just  not
                           spacious  enough for  32 player matches,  and I hope
                           this map  will be seen  as a viable  alternative  to
                           administrators  of  large  TFC  servers.  The map is
                           very dark  and very big, and also a tad slow in some
                           places because  of its  openness.  This is by design
                           and  I  cannot  really  do  much  about  it  without
                           damaging the map.
                           There  can be up to  seven  assassins in the game in
                           order to oppose the  20+ bodyguards.  Assassins  get
                           20 points for killing The Hunted on this map. I wish
                           I had found a way to limit  the number of  Assassins
                           based on the number of bodyguards;  if there are not
                           enough players the game can become unbalanced.  Then
                           again,  this map is intended for games with  a large
                           number of players.
                           The bodyguards can  now also take the role of sniper
                           and  engineer.  The  snipers  can counter-snipe  the
                           assassins  (though  they  can't enter  the off-limit
                           zones),  and  the engineers can  block  choke points
                           with sentry guns and ammo dispensers.
                           Cranetop  gives The Hunted a rather long run for his
                           life.  Even  more teamwork  is required than  in the
                           original  Hunted  map,  because the ways are longer,
                           there  are  more snipers  and  there  are  dangerous
                           places  on the map  (like  the sewers  and the force
                           field). The Hunted cannot get onto the crane because
                           he is  too fat  to fit  through  the ladder manholes
                           (this  is intentional).  The  crane has  spot lights
                           which can be turned on and off.  The blast door that
                           leads  underground  must  be  opened  from the small
                           guard  tower.  The  yellow  force field  at the exit
                           cannot  be  operated  by  one player alone,  so  The
                           Hunted  can't  win  without escort.  There  is a way
                           through  the sewers for  The Hunted,  but he needs a
                           medic  in order  to survive.  There is  an  ammo and
                           health depot in the  warehouse.  The assassins  have
                           their own depots which are relatively safe. There is
                           no announcement  of the position of  The Hunted  for
                           the  bodyguards  because the players are supposed to
                           communicate.
                           I sincerely hope this map will be enjoyed,  as it is
                           a rather  different  approach  to mapping  than I am
                           used to.  It is my first TFC map, and I have learned
                           quite  a bit from  the design  process.  I have also
                           learned  that the engine  still sucks for large maps.

Copyright                : This map is copyrighted by the author.  You  MAY NOT
                           modify the files in this archive and you MAY NOT use
                           this map as a base for your own maps. If you want to
                           use it for your own editing purposes, please contact
                           me  at  the  email  address  given  above.  You  MAY
                           distribute  this file  unchanged  and at little cost
                           using networks, Diskettes or CD/R's, but you MAY NOT
                           distribute it on  CD-ROM.  There is no warranty, and
                           the author is  not responsible  for  damage  done by
                           this file or its use.  Please reports errors  to the
                           given email address. Enjoy!

Thanks to                : id Software  for the genre,  Valve Software  for the
                           game,  the Team TF  for the mod,  the people  on the
                           Internet  for  the fun,  God for everything  and  my
                           woman for that which makes life worthwhile.
