

Unearthed Revised - Territorial Control
by Peregrine

[FIXED BLUE FLAG 1 BUG]


Objective: Take Flags from your Control
Center and place them on the Command Points
situated throughout the canyon. 

Scoring: 
1 point for every 30 seconds
you hold a Command Point.  
1 point for capturing a Command Point.
A Bonus (25 points) will be given if a team
controls the entire canyon.

Other Notes: 
Flag carriers move at 75% speed.

The buttons in CP1, CP2, CP4, and CP5 need to be 
shot to activate.  The button in CP3 needs to be 
used.  The buttons only work for the team 
that owns the command point.

The object in the middle of the base is a teleporter.
It might help classes get to certain CPs faster.

There are anti-personnel traps 
scattered throughout the ancient ruins.  
Some traps require control of the area to
be able to be used.

If CP3 is owned by your team, a grenade bag
useable only by your team will appear in
your base.  Extra incentive to get
CP3.  No grenade bag by default.

A spy can open doors to the enemy base.
The demoman must find another way in
to the Command Center.  The keyboard
near the door to the enemy base
can be used by a spy to grant access to
friendlies. 

The teleporter in the outpost works for both teams, the 
teleporter in the base only works for
the team that owns it.

Conc-equipped Offensive classes are given full concs at spawn.

Demomen can detonate the enemy command center
in order to reset all of the enemy command points.
It will Stop the flow of artifacts being recovered
by the enemy.  

The map is quite huge.  In fact, this map shouldn't even have
been released.  I reached MAX_MAP_PLANES.  Luckily, I found new
ZHLT compile tools in a Natural Selection Mapping Post by 
XP-Cagey.  These tools increased the plane amount, allowing the map
to be played.  (It was also optimized using a program by XP-Cagey)
Thanks to Merl, Zoner, and XP-Cagey for all contributing
to the releasing of the map.  (Its still really huge)

I also exceeded the MAX_MAP_CLIPNODES in creating this map.  I remedied this by creating more clip brushes (Areas you can't get to, even though it looks possible, sorry for that, mostly near signposts) and I took out a lot of detail.  Sorry, the map isn't as detailed as it should be.  (Mostly on rock walls and terrain, lots of flat areas where it used to be realistic)
Cagey's modifications for the CSG code also helped tremendously.


-Peregrine
peregrine72206@earthlink.net

(A Decent Story!)   [yes, I wrote a story about the map.... shut up.)
Two excavation teams have unearthed the strange 
ruins of an ancient civilization.  These ancient 
ones seemed to have a good grasp of technology.
The temple-like structures seem to be in
the process of being upgraded with this 
technology.  It is unknown what happened
to this race of people.  Perhaps
their technology was their own doom.
The two excavation teams both say
they were the original team to discover
the ruins.  A small conflict became
extremely violent.  Something... is in
this canyon.  The two teams are lusting
for each other's blood.  Perhaps
this was the fate of the ancients.
Self-Destruction.  The two teams have found
teleportation devices in the canyon.  If
coded correctly, the teleportation devices
can lock on and transmit the artifacts in the area.
Newly designed flags with the insignia of
the particular excavation team are infused with
different code frequencies.  If these flags
were placed on the teleportation Command
Points, the Command Point would begin 
sending priceless artifacts to the owner of
the Command Point.  
If the entire canyon is taken over by a particular
team, the teleportation frequencies on the
command points will cancel out, causing a power
surge that will knock out all of the command points.
Fortunately, the final surge will trasmit a lot of
artifacts all at once.  Sending a demolitions expert 
into the enemy command center
is an effective strategy, performed by both teams.
A detpack can cripple the flow of artifacts, by
disabling all flags in the canyon.  The war for
the magical devices found in the canyon has
intensified.  What has humanity uncovered in this
canyon?  Nothing.  Greed, hatred, and war
are nothing new at all.
